[Music]
one dollar street food you can try in
different countries eat like the locals
says every wise traveler if you want to
know more about the country you're
visiting the best course of action is to
try it street food you'll discover food
with unique tastes served cheaply and
without fuss and many of these
delicacies cost no more than a dollar
but where should you start sinking your
teeth into all this delicious street
food before you begin your gastronomic
journey don't forget to click the
subscribe button and turn on
notifications to join us on the bright
side of life one go AHA lota in Mexico
Mexico is the land of tamales in fact it
has five varieties of this street food
and one worth mentioning is guava lota
also known as torta de tama wha-ha lota
is the ultimate Mexican breakfast
consisting of a tamal sandwich between
boli oz it's practically a carbon
caramel in the form of a street food
sandwich - pan-fried pork bun in China
the first Street food that comes to mind
when someone mentions China is usually
dumplings however a pan-fried pork bun
is a street food that fills your tummy
with a yummy feeling the locals call it
Shang Gong Bao or Shang yang Monteux and
it's pan-fried rather than steamed three
hot ship or a in the Republic of Georgia
get a taste of Georgia's national dish
right on their streets Georgians love
their hotcha poori so much they made
nine variations of it at our rule II
make rouille and a low biani to name a
few this gooey goodness is a flatbread
stuffed with cheese and it looks like a
pizza without the topics for joy wad in
Vietnam this is a traditional Vietnamese
Street food it's also called summer
rolls or Vietnamese spring rolls gooey
one is stuffed with pork
vegetables herbs rice vermicelli and
shrimp wrapped in Bao Trang Vietnamese
rice paper
it's a popular appetizer served fresh or
fried 5 chapati and curry and Mayan Mar
a perfect duo like into a single meal
you can match the chapati a lightly
fried unleavened flatbread with either
vegetable or meat curry simply tear off
a piece of the hot chapati dunk it into
your choice of curry and dig in don't
let a single drop of curry go to waste
6 empanada in argentina this
pocket-sized flavorful pie can be
deep-fried or oven baked it has more
than 10 different fillings so you'll
never get tired of this street food you
can sample empanadas with meat ham and
cheese blue cheese
Lumi de chicken mushroom vegetables
dulce de leche and llama meat yep as in
this guy 7 plov in use becca stan la is
a symbol of whose beck hospitality and
it's believed to be traditionally cooked
by men only it's more than a street food
because it's also a favorite dish served
at weddings holidays anniversaries and
other important occasions lobs main
ingredients are rice onions carrots meat
and vegetable oil 8 bubble tea in Taiwan
you might have gone to famous tea houses
but it's only in Taiwan that you can
drink the real thing bubble tea is also
called pearl milk tea boba tea or bubble
milk tea
it's a popular thirst quencher in Taiwan
that can be served hot or cold the
original version of bubble tea uses pure
Taiwanese black tea although some people
mix in milk bubble tea contains
so-called bubbles of tapioca balls or
fruit jellies 9 Terron in the
philippines
it's crunchy on the outside and chewy on
the inside the conflicting sensations
may confuse you at first but each bite
is an explosion of sugary goodness
Taron is a favorite snack in the
Philippines made from sliced right Safa
bananas rolled in a spring roll deep
fried to perfection and glazed with
brown sugar it's sometimes stuffed with
a slice of ripe jackfruit to make it
more special ten octopus in Korea
octopus in Korea is that Togo yaki from
Japan
nope this is the real deal with eight
tentacles and all you can munch it in
two ways off the grill or alive don't
worry it's only a baby octopus saying on
yong-jo hello to you with its squiggly
little tentacles it's definitely not a
street food for the squeamish 11 pastel
de nada in Portugal this egg tart pastry
involves a time-consuming process of
rolling filling chilling and heating but
the end product is totally worth the
wait it consists of layer upon layer of
flaky pastry and delicious egg yolk
filling you can add a sprinkle of
cinnamon or sugar to enhance the taste
12 pad thai in Thailand if you want a
quick meal without any hassle then this
dish
this street food is the one you can have
rice noodles stir fried with eggs tofu
dried shrimp radish and bean sprouts
seasoned with fish sauce palm sugar
tamarind paste and red chili pepper all
in one serving that loaded huh it was
originally a solution to the rice
shortage during World War two it later
became the national dish of Thailand and
has enjoyed not only by the locals but
also by foreigners 13 Luke Emma in Dubai
yes there are cheap and authentic foods
in Dubai but you have to know where to
find them Luka Mott which means
bite-sized in Arabic is a traditional
snack made from flour and
these ingredients are made into dough
and deep fried until golden brown then
they're drizzled generously with date
syrup and sprinkled with sesame seeds 14
samosas in India this is a classic
Indian snack made from green peas onion
minced ginger boiled potatoes green
chilies and spices these ingredients are
stuffed inside a triangular dough and
often partnered with mint chutney you
can buy them fried or baked this
delicacy was first introduced by the
Middle Eastern cooks around the 10th
century to Indian royalty and is now a
beloved street food in India 15 Curtis
calyx in hungry are you a hungry for
hungry sorry can't help it if you want a
taste of authentic Hungarian cuisine you
should try the cake named Curtis calyx
it's also known as a chimney cake and
its shape is formed by wrapping a strip
of yeast dough around a wooden cylinder
it's brush with oil and topped with
sugar the glazed dough is baked inside a
special oven until caramelized 16 papasa
in el salvador this street food has its
own holiday national propose a day which
is celebrated on November 13th the corn
or maize dough is made into tortillas
and its filling is a mix of cheese
refried beans pork chicken ease and
lorica it is served with court Ito spicy
cabbage salad and salsa 17 Koosh re in
egypt this egyptian comfort food is also
called koshari or koshari it's the
national dish of the country made from
lentils macaroni noodles rice spiced
tomato sauce garlic vinegar chickpeas
and crispy fried onions it's a hearty
meal loaded with carbs that'll leave you
fully satisfied 18 singhara in
bangladesh don't mistake this street
food from bangladesh with the samosas of
india a
gara has a flaky dough a samosa is
crispy it almost looks like a triangular
ball unlike a samosas flatten triangle
the filling consists of peas onions
coriander lentils meat and potatoes yep
don't forget those potatoes they're the
main ingredient of singhara it's served
with chutney as an appetizer 19 janggo
in Japan sorry to disappoint you but
we're leaving takoyaki alone for now
dango is a sweet rice dumpling you can
eat the all year long it's a cousin of
mochi as the rice flour use for dango is
called Michiko you can have a sample of
this chewy dumpling whenever you want
and it comes in different varieties such
as mitarashi an ko Chow dango Bachchan
den poon hanami and Kanako it's best
eaten with a cup of green tea let's see
which Street food from our video would
you try first tell us in the comments
don't forget to give this video a like
share with your friends and click
Subscribe stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]